Pallet NFT README.md integration. (#964)
ComposableFi/composable: book/src/developer-guides/frame-nft.md

# Overview

> Frame-NFT is aimed at developers to provide them with a reliable and adjustable codebase for NFT-based projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pallet-NFT provides basic non-fungible token functionality. 
```

> This is especially necessary due to the various forms that NFTs can present as, each with their own unique traits.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit weird to me, perhaps not needed here

Author: With suggestion above in mind, it is a loose thread, will be cut.

In the following we will do a quick recap of what makes NFTs special followed by how that is reflected in Frame-NFT's code.

> And finally, we will discuss two use cases.

Reviewer: Not really common to introduce what you will say I recon

---

> # Recap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Non-Fungible Tokens
```

NFTs (Non-Fungible-Tokens) have a few characteristics setting them apart from fungible ones like currency, precious metals, or carbon credits:
* Non - Interchangeable 

> * Specific creator and owner

Reviewer: Not necessarily an NFT characteristic

Author: In line 10 i'll specify fiat currency.
Would cut line 11 and 12. Replaced with -> "can be issued independently" and "enable special ownership functionality" 
Would this be applicable in the technical sense?

> * Unique digital signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Uniquely Identifiable
```

> * Unique asset like Art, Music or Property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Provide complete history of their creation and trades

Reviewer: Technically regular currencies do too (in blockchain context). `Currency` is a very common term in Substrate, so anything token/currency related is assumed to be chain related

Author: Alrighty, i think this one might lead  to wrong expectations, will cut.

They represent ownership of a unique tangible or intangible asset, and record its history on the blockchain.

---

# Workflow
With the nature of NFTs in mind, it becomes imperative to have a straightforward implementation aiming to accommodate their traits.
We achieve this by having multiple methods to define distinct types and characteristics in an asset.
Ownership being a core concept in NFTs makes the presentation and trading of ownership a vital part of how we interact with them.

> This makes storing and searching for specific information an essential part of this framework.

Reviewer: This is a little bit vague. I'd rewrite this paragraph and instead structure it like:

## Extrinsics
*description of each extrinsic, who may call them and how they work

## Traits
* trait implementations in composable-support implemented by this pallet

## Workflow
* expected combination of extrinsics to be called to mint then transfer an NFT

To that end, we leverage BTreeMaps as they reference data stored in them using BTreeSets consisting of two vectors.

> Safety is key when it comes to processing of data, which is why we use Blake2-128Concat to hash all inputs and storage.

Reviewer: This is a bit too much implementation detail for a README, as well as that it still doesn't really reflect how a developer uses the pallet

---

# Use Cases

> Frame-NFT is a module for integrators to make their own and use how they see fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pallet-NFT is a module for integrators to make their own NFT applications.
```

Let's walk through at least two possible applications. One will be an NFT-Art-Gallery and the other a ticket booth.

### Art Gallery
An artist would mint their artwork into a wallet. 
They proceed to give each artwork their respective traits, for this example let's assume we have set names and prices.
Now we are only a few steps away from our first NFT-based art sale.

> Taking advantage of the frameworks complete set of tools, an Artist could:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking advantage of the frameworks complete set of tools, an artist could:
```

* Host their own private Gallery of minted artwork
* Make their artwork searchable via recurring traits (style, color palette, materials, history)
* Transfer ownership of an art piece to a buyer

### Ticket booth
Moving on to the ticket booth
An organizer could mint a number of NFTs representing access to an event. 
By defining traits like seat numbers or levels of access, we could streamline the planning process of an event.
With each ticket having a unique digital signature and tracking its own history on the blockchain, we can make sure:
* The ticket is valid and was created by a licensed party
* If the ticket changed hands, and to whom

> * To what and where the attendee has access to 

Reviewer: This seems better for the gitbook. The README is more intended for someone working on the pallet itself, or looking to integrate it after having done the research. So a third party dev goes from gitbook -> readme -> checking the codebase
